Sovereign Hmm
Master, aren't you in seclusion?
How did it come so fast?
Hahaha, this kid is here.
I can sense this Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet from a distance
It was epiphany.
How can you retreat with peace of mind?
Yes, I can't believe it either.
This kid named Ye Wuji
Talent is so evil
How can this Primordial Heavenly Palace Monument
Nine epiphanies.
Hahahaha
This means that God has blessed my freesia gate.
Ye Wuji
This seat is Ouyang Xuanji, the sect master of Canglan Sect
Are you willing to worship this seat as your teacher?
Disciple Ye Wuji pays tribute to the master
Very good, get better
Master, I am now an inner court disciple
Inner door hahahaha
Silly apprentice
Night Wuji
You worship the master as your teacher
Has become a direct disciple
This is far from what inner disciples can compare to
Alright, the Baizong ceremony continues
Bor Qishui as a teacher